i'm gonna be good
lion i mean i can see it
i can see your future when i close my
eyes
got it all laid out in front of us
we're not gonna lose
[Music]
hey something wonderful is happening
tonight ladies i can feel it
come on give me a little walk let me
hear you roar oh man i'm trying to focus
your little roar lion
[Music]
you owe me money you don't have i'm
offering you an opportunity
without a royale 400k
take it to this address by this time
next week
and lion stays home to god
you don't seem like a boxer to me what
do you mean
you haven't got that thing what thing
this thing
i don't walk around going like this to
[Music]
people
i could kill you but i never get a
return on my investment
we got one option we fight
you use me from what i'm good at and
everybody knows it
you set me up
what am i gonna look out for you
know what you're trying to do you don't
know why i do what i do
we're not gonna lose
[Applause]
[Music]
hey